#! /bin/sh

set -e

dir=/mnt/backup/`date +'%Y_%m_%d'`

mkdir -p $dir

# Configuration directories

rsync -av /home/andrew/.config    $dir
rsync -av /home/andrew/.filezilla $dir
rsync -av /home/andrew/.mozilla   $dir
rsync -av /home/andrew/.ssh       $dir

# Configuration files

rsync -av /home/andrew/.ctags         $dir
rsync -av /home/andrew/.gitconfig     $dir
rsync -av /home/andrew/.gmrunrc       $dir
rsync -av /home/andrew/.irbrc         $dir
rsync -av /home/andrew/.netrc         $dir
rsync -av /home/andrew/.pentadactylrc $dir
rsync -av /home/andrew/.Xdefaults     $dir
rsync -av /home/andrew/.xinitrc       $dir
rsync -av /home/andrew/.Xmodmap       $dir

# Standard home directories

rsync -av /home/andrew/archive   $dir
rsync -av /home/andrew/bin       $dir
rsync -av /home/andrew/books     $dir
rsync -av /home/andrew/clips     $dir
rsync -av /home/andrew/downloads $dir
rsync -av /home/andrew/images    $dir
rsync -av /home/andrew/lib       $dir
rsync -av /home/andrew/movies    $dir
rsync -av /home/andrew/music     $dir
rsync -av /home/andrew/projects  $dir
rsync -av /home/andrew/series    $dir
rsync -av /home/andrew/tags      $dir
